[Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol] Fixed a bug related to gRPC protocol… (#6277)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fixed a bug related to gRPC protocol errors in .NET Framework: OtlpLogExporter,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in .NET Framework where OTLP export of traces, logs, and metrics using `OtlpExportProtocol.Grpc` did not correctly set the initial write position, resulting in gRPC protocol errors.
```
